"As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord." - Joshua
"...But the beauty of grace is that it makes life not fair..." - Reliant K, "Be My Escape"
Love measures all things.
"I must study politics and war, that my sons may have the liberty to study mathematics and philosophy, natural history and naval architecture, in order to give their children a right to study painting, poetry, music, architecture, tapestry, and porcelain." - John Adams
"I asked God for strength, that I might achieve, I was made weak, that I might humbly obey. I asked for health, that I might do greater things, I was given infirmity, that I might do better things. I asked for riches, that I might be happy, I was given poverty, that I might be wise. I asked for power, that I might have the praise of men, I was given weakness, that I might feel the need of God. I asked for all things, that I might enjoy life, I was given life, that I might enjoy all things. I got nothing that I asked for, but everything I had hoped for. Almost despite myself, my unspoken prayers were answered. I am among all men, most richly blessed." - Unknown Confederate Soldier
"Love is patient, love is kind. It is not jealous, love is not pompous, it is not inflated, it is not rude, it does not seek its own interests, it is not quick tempered, it does not brood over injury, it does not rejoice over wrongdoing but rejoices in the truth. It bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. Love never fails." - Corinthians 13:4-8
"Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch. Liberty is a well-armed lamb contesting the vote." - Benjamin Franklin
"For I know that my Redeemer lives, And He shall stand at last on the earth; And after my skin is destroyed, this I know, That in my flesh I shall see God, Whom I shall see for myself, And my eyes shall behold, and not another." - Job 19:25-27
Expressing love in this world is like trying to paint in the dark.
"...Because I know to live you must give your life away..." - Reliant K, "Be My Escape"
"There cannot be design without a designer; contrivance without a contriver; order without choice; arrangement without anything capable of arranging; subserviency and relation to a purpose without that which could intend a purpose; means suitable to an end, and executing their office in accomplishing that end, without the end ever having been contemplated or the means accommodated to it." - William Paley, Natural Theology
"Men may fire bullets, but God decides where they land." - For Greater Glory
"I have loved righteousness and hated iniquity: therefore I die in exile." - Pope Gregory VII
I think, in the end, all I really want to do is make something truly beautiful.
"...Christ with me, Christ before me, Christ behind me, Christ in me, Christ beneath me, Christ above me, Christ on my right, Christ on my left, Christ when I lie down, Christ when I sit down, Christ in the heart of every man who thinks of me, Christ in the mouth of every man who speaks of me, Christ in the eye that sees me, Christ in the ear that hears me..." - Lorica of St. Patrick
"I can do all things in Him who strengthens me." - Philippians 4:13
"Listen, I'm a politician, which means I'm a cheat and a liar, and when I'm not kissing babies I'm stealing their lollipops." - Jeffrey Pelt, The Hunt for Red October
"Government (and especially representative Government) now actually exists to protect those very abuses which Government (and especially representative Government) was actually created to prevent."  - G. K. Chesterton
"If we only believed that religion was useful, it would be of no use." - G. K. Chesterton
"Martyrdom wipes all scores clean." - Eamon Duffy, Saints and Sinners
The greatest power is subtle, the greatest strength is gentle.
"Would the devil then account for something in [our] madness? And [do we] fully [know] all the mysteries among which we live?" - Gougenot des Mousseaux, "The Concepts of Possession and Obsession"
"...Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end..." - Semisonic, "Closing Time"
"Fairy tales are more than real, not because they tell us that dragons are real, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten." - G. K. Chesterton
"Quo Vadis?"
"He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain that which he cannot lose." - Jim Elliot
"And behold, I am with you always, even to the end of the age." - Matthew 28:20
"The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want..." - Psalm 23